hi everyone I'm gonna read and welcome
to my kitchen and today we're going to
be making some brunch and we're gonna be
making something a little unconventional
we're gonna be doing croque madame and
croque monsieur and if you don't know
what that is that's just a fancy French
Way of saying grilled ham and cheese and
grilled ham and cheese with a fried egg
on top so let's get started okay let's
build our croque monsieur and the cook
Monsieur is the one it's just supreme
grilled ham and cheese I have some
really nice French bread because French
bread was the good bakery bread which I
can never seem to resist was on special
this week and my harris-teeter buy one
get one free so when that happens and
it's still hot out and it's summertime
guess what marine buys her bread she
doesn't always bake her bread why am I
talking about myself in the third person
I don't know and I'm using soft butter
from my butter belt and if you don't
have a butter belt I highly recommend
that you get one it's Jean it is it's
really genius you know you put a little
water in the base you put the butter in
the bell you keep it on your counter and
and the butter stays soft all the time
so now I'm I flipped over my bread
because I want the butter on the outside
and I'm gonna layer a couple of slices
of Muenster cheese here and you can use
Swiss you can use cheddar you can use
whatever kind of cheese you want because
this is your sandwich we have Munster
this week because that's what was on
special at the deli and then I'm gonna
go ahead whoops I forgot I like to make
sure that I have cheese on both sides of
the meat but only one piece because
three pieces is plenty and that will
help this sandwich stick together when
you're grilling it and I'm gonna go
ahead and I'm going to spread on a
little butter on this other side of the
bread okay and
I'm gonna make another just gonna lay
our sandwiches down I preheated that
griddle at about 300 degrees and I have
also because we're going to make the
croque madame um I have oiled up a
couple of my english muffin rings and
I'm gonna put them dill side down on the
griddle I've boiled the insides so that
they don't stick and I have my spatula
and because this griddle has been
preheated these are not gonna take very
long to start melting and cooking and
getting really nice and delicious so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna allow
these to cook and then when we come back
we'll flip them and then I'll drop my
eggs and then I'll show you what that
looks like we're gonna go in I flipped
this one already like I said if you have
a preheated griddle it's not gonna take
very long at all and then I always find
that I have to readjust after I flip so
we're just gonna put these over here and
let them do their melty thing and then
I'm going to move my rings give a little
spray in there going may or may not help
I find that it is a bit helpful it sees
in these eggs with a little herb de
Provence and I'm not going to break the
yolk because Rick and I both like our
eggs over-medium
and now I'm gonna see if this is gonna
let me almost
it's hot let's see I can use this yeah
if you have to you can just loosen
around the edge of the egg of course you
don't have to put your egg in an egg
mold unless you really want to let's see
if this works and my husband once again
was right billion know if you only get
one solid state yep
there's no denying it
and of course you cook your egg anyway
you like it you don't have to make it
over medium you can make it
Sunnyside up if you like and I broke my
egg see no worries just keep it all
together
not a big deal is still gonna taste
great and if you mash it up like that
for your guests nobody is ever going to
know that it wasn't supposed to be that
way simple we can give these another
flip these are gorgeous look at that
beautiful okay so now we're gonna get
ready to fix you a plate of croque
madame and croque monsieur because i
know you're hungry okay here you go I
fixed your plate what do you prefer
croque monsieur or crook my dad with egg
or without egg it's just a fancy fancy
French way of saying grilled ham and
cheese with or without an egg so you
make that choice I've also garnished
these with the avocado fan and tomato
flower that I demonstrated in another
video and you can click to see that down
below and isn't this fun I just think
these are so fun and you know you can
make them for your kids and you can
teach them croque madame and croque
monsieur and i think it's fun and then
they can go to school tomorrow and tell
their friends what they had for lunch or
dinner anyway I hope that you try these
and I hope that you love them if you
liked my video please give me a thumbs
up and if you've been with me for a
while please leave a comment down below
and let me know what other fun things
that you'd like to see me make if you're
a first time visitor here or you've been
kind of lurking about and haven't hit
that subscribe button please consider
doing so so that you don't miss one
minute of fun that we have here in my
kitchen I hope that you give this a try
once again I hope that you love it and
until next time I'll see ya